Add Sum Runs checkbox to Diagnostic and Transmission tabs of Indirect Reduction Interface (#41919)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v7.0.0/Indirect/New_features/40960.rst

> - `ISISDiagnostics` tab of the :ref:`Data Reduction <interface-indirect-data-reduction>` interface now has a `SumFiles` checkbox to average a comma separate list of input runs.

Reviewer: For consistency with the other tabs I think `Sum Files` would be better

> - `Transmission` tab of the :ref:`Data Reduction <interface-indirect-data-reduction>` interface now has a `SumFiles` checkbox to average a comma separate list of sample or can runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ISISDiagnostics` tab of the :ref:`Data Reduction <interface-indirect-data-reduction>` interface now has a `Sum Files` checkbox to average a comma separate list of input runs.
- `Transmission` tab of the :ref:`Data Reduction <interface-indirect-data-reduction>` interface now has a `Sum Files` checkbox to average a comma separate list of sample or can runs.
```
